Add AWS EKS examples (#8)
ai-dynamo/examples: deployments/AWS_EKS/1. Create_EKS_EFS.md

echo 'export PATH=$HOME/bin:$PATH' >> ~/.bashrc
```

### c. Install EKS CLI (steps [here](https://eksctl.io/installation/))

```
ARCH=amd64
PLATFORM=$(uname -s)_$ARCH
curl -sLO "https://github.com/eksctl-io/eksctl/releases/latest/download/eksctl_$PLATFORM.tar.gz"
curl -sL "https://github.com/eksctl-io/eksctl/releases/latest/download/eksctl_checksums.txt" | grep $PLATFORM | sha256sum --check
tar -xzf eksctl_$PLATFORM.tar.gz -C /tmp && rm eksctl_$PLATFORM.tar.gz
sudo mv /tmp/eksctl /usr/local/bin
```

### d. Install Helm CLI (steps [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/helm.html))

```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/helm/helm/master/scripts/get-helm-3 > get_helm.sh
chmod 700 get_helm.sh
./get_helm.sh
```

## 2. Create an EKS cluster

In this example we create an EKS cluster consisting of 1 `g6e.48xlarge` compute node, each with 8 NVIDIA L40S GPUs and 1 `c5.2xlarge` CPU node as control plane. We also setup EFA between the compute nodes.

### a. Configure AWS CLI

```
aws configure
```

### b. Create a config file for EKS cluster creation

```
apiVersion: eksctl.io/v1alpha5
kind: ClusterConfig

metadata:
  name: wenhant-eks-cluster
  version: "1.32"

>   region: us-west-2

Reviewer: Replace name and region with placeholders

        efs: true
        awsLoadBalancerController: true
        cloudWatch: true
        albIngress: true

  - name: efa-compute-ng
    instanceType: g6e.48xlarge
    minSize: 1
    desiredCapacity: 1
    maxSize: 1
    volumeSize: 300
    efaEnabled: true
    privateNetworking: true
    iam:
      withAddonPolicies:
        imageBuilder: true
        autoScaler: true
        ebs: true
        efs: true
        awsLoadBalancerController: true
        cloudWatch: true
        albIngress: true
```

> [!NOTE]
> We set `minSize` and `desiredCapacity` to be 1 because AWS does not create your cluster successfully if no nodes are available. For example, if you specify `desiredCapacity` to be 2 but there are no available 2 nodes, your cluster creation will fail due to timeout even though there are no errors. The easiest way to avoid this is to create the cluster with 1 node and increase the number of nodes later in the EKS console. After you increase number of nodes in your node groups, make sure GPU nodes are in the same subnet. This is required for EFA to work.

### c. Create the EKS cluster

```
eksctl create cluster -f eks_cluster_config.yaml
```

## 3. Create an EFS file system

> To enable multiple pods deployed to multiple nodes to load shards of the same model so that they can used in coordination to serve inference request too large to loaded by a single GPU, we'll need a common, shared storage location. In Kubernetes, these common, shared storage locations are referred to as persistent volumes. Persistent volumes can be volume mapped in to any number of pods and then accessed by processes running inside of said pods as if they were part of the pod's file system. We will be using EFS as persistent volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll need a common, shared storage location to enable pods deployed to multiple nodes to load shards of the same model. This way, they can be used in coordination to serve inference requests for models too large to loaded by GPUs on a single node. In Kubernetes, these common, shared storage locations are referred to as persistent volumes. Persistent volumes can be volume mapped in to any number of pods and then accessed by processes running inside of said pods as if they were part of the pod's file system. We will be using EFS as persistent volume.
```
I think this is meant to refer to multi-node models, not multi-gpu models, right? For multi-gpu on a single node I think technically we wouldn't need shared storage -- at least not for the same reason

### b. Install EFS CSI driver

Install the EFS CSI Driver through the Amazon EKS add-on in AWS console: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/efs-csi.html#efs-install-driver. Once it's done, check the Add-ons section in EKS console, you should see the driver is showing `Active` under Status.

### c. Create EFS file system

Follow the steps to create an EFS file system: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-efs-csi-driver/blob/master/docs/efs-create-filesystem.md. Make sure you mount subnets in the last step correctly. This will affect whether your nodes are able to access the created EFS file system.

## 4. Test

Follow the steps to check if your EFS file system is working properly with your nodes: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-efs-csi-driver/tree/master/examples/kubernetes/multiple_pods. This test is going to mount your EFS file system on all of your available nodes and write a text file to the file system.

## 5. Create StorageClass

```
kind: StorageClass
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: efs-sc
  annotations:
    storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class: "true"
provisioner: efs.csi.aws.com
parameters:

>   fileSystemId: fs-01e72da3fcdbf8a4d

Reviewer: explain where to find the `fileSystemId`
